# Parallel TCG Card Scraper & Tweet Bot

**Parallel** is a Sci-Fi Franchise and Trading Card Game (TCG) empowering collectors to truly own their cards and other game items. The cards can be used to build a deck and play in an online PC game which is currently in Beta. (from https://parallel.life/faq)

I am a fan of the game and the card art, so I wrote this program to scrape all card art from their website and build a spreadsheet that contains the stats, abilities, and lore of every playable card in the game.

## Installation:

1. Clone the repository: 
  ```bash
  git clone https://github.com/kupcha/Parallel-Tweet-Bot.git
  ```
2. Navigate to project directory:
  ```bash
  cd parallel-tweet-bot
  ```
3. (Optional) Create a virtual environment:
  ```bash
  python -m venv venv
  ```
  -- On Windows:
  ```bash
  venv\Scripts\activate
  ```
  -- On macOS/Linux:
  ```bash
  source venv/bin/activate
  ```
5. Install dependencies:
  ```bash
  pip install -r requirements.txt
  ```
  You can then verify installation by running:
  ```bash
  pip list
  ```

## Card Scraper:

The master list of card data is already included in the repository: master_list.csv, along with most files that were generated in order to create the list. But if you were interested in generating your own from scratch, you can follow this guide.

### Card URLs
1. Every card and in-game asset is viewable at the official Parallel website @ https://parallel.life/cards

2.    You can use the pre-generated .csv files in the url folder. The url lists are split into the three current card sets: Alpha, Battlepass, and Planetfall. It would make no difference if you generated them into a single .csv file if that was your preference. We could use https://parallel.life/cards/sitemaps.xml in order to traverse through every card in our program, but this sitemap does not contain the full list of cards. The .csv files were generated by running:
   ```bash
   python url.py
   ```
### Generating Card Spreadsheet

1. Run the scraper program to generate the card spreadsheet:
   ```bash
   python scrape.py
   ```
2. This generates the full spreadsheet of every playable card including name, stats, abilities, and image url. There are optional bits of code that will download the card images to your machine. This is not necessary for operating the card bot and could be edited out.

3. (Optional) Update image url to the card's Masterpiece image. Could be done manually or by running:
   ```bash
   python update_mps.py
   ```
### Tweet Bot

1. You will need your own Twitter API keys in order to run this program. If you have not already, you can sign up @ https://developer.x.com/. Create a project to generate keys and ensure the keys have WRITE permissions. Keys may need to be regenerated after changing permissions.
2. Create a .env file in your repository folder that contains:
   -- TWITTER_API_KEY
   -- TWITTER_API_SECRET_KEY
   -- TWITTER_ACCESS_TOKEN
   -- TWITTER_ACCESS_TOKEN_SECRET
   -- CLIENT_ID
   -- CLIENT_SECRET
   -- TWITTER_BEARER_TOKEN
3. Run bot:
   ```bash
   python bot.py
   ```
4. (Optional) You could change set times or how frequently the bot tweets out based on your own preferences. You can choose to send a single tweet only when you run the script, etc. Enjoy!
   
